#summary Current Version 0.0.9
#labels Blender,Export,PSK,PSA,Version

= Information =
I am currently making vehicles, weapons and other mods to make good game. Please not read this information not be right learning takes time to fully understand what I doing.
Bone position will be fix some how and working out the script error before I can begin animatoin set.

=Blender Export Version 0.0.10:=
== Bones ==
Need to fix bone position is little off set from bone tail to head differents. The offset still need work a bit more. This is bit harder to deal with for bone position dealing with math and angle and inherit parent of the child to get it right position of the bone. I been looking around the fourm there are few support code just take time to test it out.

Head and Tail are inherit from parent. Every time it created it branch from the parent from starting from that point is create as (0,0,0). There are two diffferent space location.

One is BONESPACE where parent location space parent to child for head. For the tail is space between the head current bone.

Two is ARMATURESPACE this is the main root to bone. Meaning that your can know where the exeact location of the head and tail the bone.

For unreal it use the BONESPACE that is the distance between the parent to child not to root to bone. But I need the rotation that will not effect the rotation of the bone position. There some conflict between rotation and the bone position.

['ARMATURESPACE'] ['BONESPACE']

 * Bone.head['ARMATURESPACE']
 * Bone.tail['BONESPACE']
 * Bone.matrix['BONESPACE'] - This one deal with the rotation. It does effect the rotation and the bone position.

{{{

arm_root = (Armature)- DATA BLOCK

bone_root = (arm_root)

bone_root -Main Parent
-bone00 -Parent
--bone03 - Parent Child
-bone01
--bone04
-bone02
}}}

{{{
 set_head.x =(parent_tail[0] - parent_head[0]) + child_head.x
 set_head.y =(parent_tail[1] - parent_head[1]) + child_head.y
 set_head.z =(parent_tail[2] - parent_head[2]) + child_head.z
 math_head = set_head
}}}


This part I am working on.


===Animation:==
The animation will be build later to fix the main bone iusses. There still some little animation work a little bit not yet fix.

= Working Area =
 * Character builds working in progress. Researching them and will take time to finish. Bone Rotation and location will take some time to finish for couple of skeleton Mesh. One for male, female, and the krall.

 * Animation needs work. Last thing on the list. I am trying to deal with the correct way. Rotation and position and transform. And working with simple code need some understanding.
 * Every time I solve the code bug another one pop up so fixing take time to make it stable for a bit.

=== Errors ===
 * I know there are some error like offset bone are not fix yet and working out the main bone that crash when I try to work on it. It takes long hours to understand the code bit by bit until I can find a stable code output that will not crash me or other who wants to use free blender.
 * Just the main bone is difficult to fix a bit and trying to learn how are the export work in order of the bone and the parent index bone for unreal.
 * Animation Fix Rotation it was on the make_fquat() function rotate in other direction
 * Bone position set type is now this one ARMATURESPACE not BONESPACE It might change later.
 * Animation work needs to fix the off set in unreal.

=== Solve ===
 * Bone position is not fix to bone rotation.
 * Main Bone Fixed
 * Working with inheriting the bone from parent to child. For rotation and position. Branch is need to some understanding of it.
 * Armature bone and Pose bone need to be solve that has it own independent rotation.
 * Seem the animation weapon seem so what work and playable in the game. Just the rotation is bit off for some reason still looking into that later.
 * Main bones are issues to assign and fix the position when off grid to make weapon for first person view.
 * Bone position found error not off blender offset of the main. It only center the origin point need to be fix it.
 * Animation Rotation Need Work on! No Error Detect so far.
 * Note that pose bone have one frame to test out the different when testing rotation.
 * Main Bone Issues Need to be Fix First