#summary +2 Bone and More Action Animation Set with bone movements.
#labels Blender,Weapon,1P
[Blender_Weapon_Model Prev] [Blender_Weapon_Action_Editor Next]

= Check Your Work =
If your reading this section you should have save your file inlcude with your texture and name it as weaponname with the prefix "_1P". weaponname_1P. This will let you know that the file must final stage. If you made a mistake and all your animation you work hard into the first person. Then DO NOT DELETE YOUR FILE you can make a new one and append the armature that you can open another file within another file.

= First Person Weapon =
This your First Person Weapon while your holding your weapon. Doing different action to it when playing the animatoin.

= Bone Name For Root =
Since we are going to mod off from the shockfile the main default for it is "xr". All Bones must face in one direction in top view mode by pressing "NUMPAD 7". Do not rotation them.

= Armature =
Make sure you have one Armature then the next one should be a bone by default your in the main Armature to branch off the that Armature bones. Add you bones where your animation is need. There are two method to add your bone but one of the doesn't work. The method that doesn't work while your in Armature(Edit Mode) wirh using your (ctrl + right click mouse) that will center all your bones to zero.

= Weight Paint =
Paint your Weight or assign your weight that both case work. There are simple iusses that if you miss your vertex by a few vertex it will crash your unreal editor.

= Blender Action Editor =
This is where all your weapon animation is render in Action Editor(Blender) to Animatin Set(Unreal Edditor). Please not not Bake your Action in  Action Editor that it is already in there when your exporting to blender script format default. You will have the same copy of your action.

EAXMPLE:

{{{
Blender:
Action Editor:
Action
Action.BAKED
I do not know how to delete your action yet if you made your mistake.

Unreal Editor:
AnimSet:
Action[]
Action.BAKED[]
You can delete your action in unreal under animset.
You can reset them but it will delete all your animation.
}}}
 
Here is the file for blender for First Person Veiw:
http://code.google.com/p/unrealtacticalmod/source/browse/trunk/Blender/demo_weapon_1P.blend

Here is the file for blender for First Person View With Animation:
http://code.google.com/p/unrealtacticalmod/source/browse/trunk/Blender/demo_weapon_1P_animset.blend

[Blender_Weapon_Model Prev] [Blender_Weapon_Action_Editor Next]