#summary [====This is the main Lesson that will be link to the pages.====]
#labels Tutorial-Implementation,Vehicle,Weapon,Blender

= Introduction =
It will be hard to tell you if you don't read or do lesson about Blender. Please do not rush when your learning blender. It is base on blender term language for blender interface. This section will give you the basic information about making game mod still working some area for a bit to update this section of the wiki page. Each part of this section is where I am currently working on. Some of the information can be missing working hard to debug my script to be free of error. Updating the wiki page will take time to complete.

There are example files in the svn that you can use to test out your current blender files if your files are working right.

Those who are new at blender you can look into this link:
 * http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Blender_3D:_Noob_to_Pro

Blender Features:
 * Build In Game Engine
 * 3D Modeling
 * UV Painting
 * Python Scripts
 * Check out the site of blender for more information. (www.blender.org)

= Blender Version =
You have get Blender 2.45 the current version of Blender.

Here Blender Video:
http://www.blender.org/education-help/video-tutorials/

==Export Script for blender Information:==
[Blender_Export_PS_A_K_Version]

== Videos And Demos ==
Here a demo of my vehicle amd weapon just it testing for fun. Relation to svn blender file.
 * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N9-PCsaYtg] -Raptor Mod (Out Datea bit)(vehicle)
 * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QtpNjMMssY] -Hellbender Mod (vehicle)
 * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7ZrVDUFtrI] -ShockRifle Mod (weapon)
 * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9GPHxqZbGE] -ShockRifle Mod With Animatoin (weapon)(UPDATE)

Quick setup for psa/psk video for animatoin test in unreal and blender.
http://video.google.ca/videoplay?docid=3795156702262154408&hl=en-CA

Here another one but in the s.v.n with image and text showing you it.
[Blender_Skelton_Mesh_Build] [Blender_Action_Edtior]
= Setup Area =
[Unreal_Setup_Complie]

== Blender Export: ==
 * [Blender_Export_PSK] -Skeleton Mesh

Here an example file: http://code.google.com/p/unrealtacticalmod/source/browse/trunk/Blender/vehicle_test.blend

To test it out use the hellbender vehicle class.
 * [Blender_Export_PSA] -AnimSet(Unreal) = Action Editor(Blender)

Here an example file: 
http://code.google.com/p/unrealtacticalmod/source/browse/trunk/Blender/psa_test.blend

 * [Blender_Export_ASE] -Static Mesh

Here an example file: 
http://code.google.com/p/unrealtacticalmod/source/browse/trunk/Blender/collision_box_ASE.blend

== Vehicle Build: ==
[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QtpNjMMssY] -Hellbender Mod (vehicle)

[Blender_Vehicle_Design] -READ ME FOR VEHICLE DESIGN AND HOW THINGS ARE SETUP.

=== Land Vehicle: ===
[Blender_Land_Vehicle_Modeling] - Blender Modeling Idea Work Out first.

[Blender_Land_Vehicle_UV] - working with UV textures from blender

[] - Working with textures with Blender.

[] - Working with textures with Gimp.

[] - Working with animation from blender.

[Blender_Land_Vehicle_Export] - Exporting to files to unreal format.

[UC_Land_Vehicle_SkeletalMesh] - Importing Skeletal Mesh

[UC_Land_Vehicle_AnimSet] - Creating animation.

[UC_Land_Vehicle_AnimTree] - This Control your vehicle does.And other things.
 * MorphTargetSet
 * AnimSet
 * Setup Code For Unreal Setup For Bone.

[UC_Land_Vehicle_PhysicsAsset] -

[UC_Land_Vehicle_PhysicalMaterial] -

[UC_Land_Vehicle_MorphTargetSet] - This is where the vehicle are damage.

[UC_Land_Vehicle_UnrealScript] - Three Files. No weapon yet.

=== Air Vehicle: ===

[UC_Vehicle_builds Air Vehicle Lession One]

== Weapon Build  ==
This weapon will be base of Shockrifle. Animation Test Done workable weapon.

 * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7ZrVDUFtrI] -ShockRifle Mod No Animation (weapon)
 * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9GPHxqZbGE] -ShockRifle Mod With Animatoin (weapon)
[Blender_Weapon_Model] -Read before you do your (Action Editor(Blender) to AnimSet(Unreal)).

[Blender_Weapon_UV] - UV Layout Texture

Video Lesson Model_1P: 
http://files.filefront.com/Blender+Setup+Unreal+1Prar/;9717529;/fileinfo.html

[Blender_Weapon_Model_1P] - Working on the First Person (1P)View Weapon with action.

[Blender_Weapon_Action_Editor] - Create a one set of animation.

[Blender_Weapon_Model_3P] - Simple Third Person (3P) View holding the mod weapon.

[Blender_Weapon_Export] - Read Before it save you time.

Video Lesson Model_1P: http://files.filefront.com/Blender+Export+Unreal+WeaPrar/;9717557;/fileinfo.html

[Unreal_Weapon_SkeletalMesh] - Socket Manager And Importing.

[Unreal_Weapon_AnimSet] - Animation Set.

[Unreal_Weapon_Script] - Unreal Script. Three simple File.

== Character Build  ==
This may take even longer dealing with size and rotation. So leave as is. I am not good at rotation to the bone.

=Simple Tips=
 * http://wiki.blender.org/index.php/Manual/Undo_and_Redo
 * http://wiki.beyondunreal.com/wiki/New_UnrealScript_In_UT3